OpenCV does not need to be in users PATH (#731)
microsoft/Azure-Kinect-Sensor-SDK: examples/green_screen/README.md

#### Windows

Our recommended way of getting OpenCV on Windows is by installing pre-built libraries. There's even a PowerShell script
that'll do much of the work for you in `scripts/install-opencv.ps1`. This will place OpenCV in your `C:\` folder. CMake

> will copy the OpenCV binaries to the the `${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}` folder so that all built binaries will run as expected. A 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will copy the OpenCV binaries to the the `${CMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY}` folder so that all built binaries will run as expected. A 
```
